## Week of 09/21/23 (Week5) ##


### Reflections ### 
- This week, I opened and installed each kit provided by TDF on my computer. I have used Arduino before, but the kit I just checked seemed to be a different one from Particle, not Arduino.

- First, I needed to connect the proton2 to my computer, but since I was using a computer that only supports USB C, I went to Target and purchased a Multiport Adapter. However, my device did not appear on the computer after connecting it. Upon closer inspection of the kit, I found a USB C cable included, so I successfully installed it. It was surprising that in the first case, although it was clearly connected to the computer, it did not appear because it was not directly connected.

- Following the tutorial Sudhu posted, I was able to succeed in steps 1 to 4 and check my Mac Address. For now, I'm proud to have made a good start.

### Speculations ###
- I need to check all the functions of the kits inside and think about how I can apply them. So far, connecting sensors has been easy for me, but adjusting their parameters has been particularly challenging, so I'm looking forward to that. Planning what kind of computational design to create using the functions will be the most interesting.


### Conclusion ###
- I believe that the issue with such tools is not in installing them, but in how to utilize them moving forward and in making the connections accurately. When checking the sensors, I shouldn't use a 'normal' standard but should strive to adjust them myself. Given that I have come this far, I have high expectations and a strong desire to do better.

- I believe that small computers have the power to transform our working environment.
