## Week of 14/09/23 (Week4) ##


### Reflections ### 

- This week was the most progressive week at TDE. I tried replicating the much-feared Rhino and learned how to change parameters using Grasshopper. It felt incredibly refreshing to see the design in Rhino change with each parameter adjustment. Especially, being able to learn and incorporate the minor Rhino functions that I've been studying was enjoyable.

- I baked the design and made additional changes in Rhino, even updating it with my Instagram ID. I then saved the design as an STL file.

- I decided to print with Yunting and Sharon, but when we transferred my file to Cura, it wouldn't slice. We sought advice from Cody, and following his suggestion to try again, we were eventually able to print.

- However, due to an ink issue with the Prusa initially, we had to switch to the one in MDes Studio. Through these challenges, I realized that 3D printing always comes with unforeseen variables.

<br>
** Video **
https://youtu.be/14kMhViho9w

### Speculations ###

- I feel like I've grasped the basic concepts of Rhino. Considering when I might use 3D in the future, I foresee it mainly in product design, elements in mobile web, or in art. Hence, I've come to think that starting with tools like Fusion 360 or Blender might be more beneficial than Rhino. I aim to cultivate my 3D skills to reach at least an intermediate level by this winter break. I'm particularly interested in faithfully representing materials, so I plan to especially focus on studying how to capture those materials accurately.

### Summary ###

- This time, making a video was both daunting and fun. What have I accomplished over the past month? Reflecting on it allowed me to recognize my achievements and also identify areas of improvement. I also realized that incorporating 3D can make videos look much richer. This will be the beginning of my 3D journey. I now believe that designers who don't know how to use 3D can't create as rich designs. Being able to visualize and then physically implement and print objects I've seen or imagined was incredibly refreshing for me. I hope this stimulation lasts for a long time.

- On the other hand, I felt some regret as everything seemed to be progressing too rapidly. I believe we should have taken a closer look at the program, and it might have been more beneficial to work with Rhino first before applying our skills in Grasshopper. That approach would have been more conducive for us to internalize the concepts.
